CASMINST-5599 - update steps to customize an ncn image. (#2860)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/configuration_management/Management_Node_Image_Customization.md

### 2. Import the NCN image into IMS

Perform the [Import External Image to IMS](../image_management/Import_External_Image_to_IMS.md) procedure except:

> Skip this step:
> * [Set helper variables](../image_management/Import_External_Image_to_IMS.md#2-set-helper-variables)
>   * Skip this section because the variables have already been set above, in the previous step.
> 
> On step [Create image record in IMS](../image_management/Import_External_Image_to_IMS.md#4-create-image-record-in-ims):
> 
> Use a unique name for the new ims image in the first step for the revision intended:
> 
>     ```bash
>     cray ims images create --name "${IMS_ROOTFS_FILENAME}-REV" --format toml
>     ```
> 
> Skip this step:
> * [Upload artifacts to S3](../image_management/Import_External_Image_to_IMS.md#5-upload-artifacts-to-s3)
>   * Skip this section because the artifacts are already in S3.
> 
> When creating the new manifest file in [Create, upload, and register image manifest](../image_management/Import_External_Image_to_IMS.md#6-create-upload-and-register-image-manifest), use the following for a new
> manifest file in the first step. It needs to create links to the existing images.
> 
>     ```console
>     cat <<EOF> manifest.json
>     {
>       "created": "`date '+%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S'`",
>       "version": "1.0",
>       "artifacts": [
>         {
>           "link": {
>               "path": "s3://boot-images/k8s/${ARTIFACT_VERSION}/rootfs",
>               "type": "s3"
>           },
>           "md5": "${IMS_ROOTFS_MD5SUM}",
>           "type": "application/vnd.cray.image.rootfs.squashfs"
>         },
>         {
>           "link": {
>               "path": "s3://boot-images/k8s/${ARTIFACT_VERSION}/kernel",
>               "type": "s3"
>           },
>           "md5": "${IMS_KERNEL_MD5SUM}",
>           "type": "application/vnd.cray.image.kernel"
>         },
>         {
>           "link": {
>               "path": "s3://boot-images/k8s/${ARTIFACT_VERSION}/initrd",
>               "type": "s3"
>           },
>           "md5": "${IMS_INITRD_MD5SUM}",
>           "type": "application/vnd.cray.image.initrd"
>         }
>       ]
>     }
>     EOF
>     ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
* Skip this section: [Set helper variables](../image_management/Import_External_Image_to_IMS.md#2-set-helper-variables)

  This is skipped because the variables have already been set above, in the previous step.

* Modify this section: [Create image record in IMS](../image_management/Import_External_Image_to_IMS.md#4-create-image-record-in-ims) as follows:

  (`ncn-mw#`) Use a unique name for the new IMS image in the first step for the revision intended. For example:

  ```bash
  cray ims images create --name "${IMS_ROOTFS_FILENAME}-REV" --format toml
  ```

* Skip this section: [Upload artifacts to S3](../image_management/Import_External_Image_to_IMS.md#5-upload-artifacts-to-s3)

  This is skipped because the artifacts are already in S3.

* Modify this section: [Create, upload, and register image manifest](../image_management/Import_External_Image_to_IMS.md#6-create-upload-and-register-image-manifest) as follows:

  When creating the image manifest, use the following command to create the manifest file. This is adjusted to reflect the
  different image paths in S3.

  ```console
  cat <<EOF> manifest.json
  {
    "created": "`date '+%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S'`",
    "version": "1.0",
    "artifacts": [
      {
        "link": {
            "path": "s3://boot-images/k8s/${ARTIFACT_VERSION}/rootfs",
            "type": "s3"
        },
        "md5": "${IMS_ROOTFS_MD5SUM}",
        "type": "application/vnd.cray.image.rootfs.squashfs"
      },
      {
        "link": {
            "path": "s3://boot-images/k8s/${ARTIFACT_VERSION}/kernel",
            "type": "s3"
        },
        "md5": "${IMS_KERNEL_MD5SUM}",
        "type": "application/vnd.cray.image.kernel"
      },
      {
        "link": {
            "path": "s3://boot-images/k8s/${ARTIFACT_VERSION}/initrd",
            "type": "s3"
        },
        "md5": "${IMS_INITRD_MD5SUM}",
        "type": "application/vnd.cray.image.initrd"
      }
    ]
  }
  EOF
  ```
````
